The Joe Rogan experience.
Did you see DC's breakdown and in detail,
the second fight versus the first fight with Conor? Very interesting.
It is,
but I see a lot of people talking funny stuff about like the leg kicked in and
knock him out. What happened like, so DC says in the detailed breakdown, uh,
I kicked on his calf and Connor steps back in his led kind of goes, and DC says,
oh, that's the light kicked it, you know, hurt his leg or whatever.
But when he went after that leg kick,
he kind of reached down to grab the foot and through an uppercut and I was
switched stance. So I threw a, from my backhand that clipped him. Good.
And that's when he took the step back and was hurt. Um, I think that's a detail.
People are missing.
Right hand. Well,
you've certainly you landed a lot of solid shots in that fight,
but there's no doubt that leg kick was that right leg up for sure.
But the detail, what I was going to get over is the,
the difference between the first fight and the sacrifice was you were landing
hard leg kicks in the first fight, but you're landing them on the thigh.
And then it switched over to the calf.
What a crazy difference that calf kick has made in MMA over the last few
years, it's really nuts.
It is man. And it doesn't take many, and it doesn't take as much commitment.
You know, like a thigh kick, you're turning your hips over Moya Thai style.
You're really set in your position, weapon, this calf kick, you can flick,
you know, you can flick it like a jab and just catch the top of the calf.
And it's.
It's so wild that this one kick was almost ignored.
I always give Benson Henderson credit because I think he was the first guy to
start use it in the UFC. But for whatever reason,
he didn't have the same impact with it. It just, I don't know,
I'd have to go over some fights.
Huge legs. I'm sure it.
Gets hard as I'm sure it kicks off, but for whatever reason,
he wasn't stopping guys with calf kicks. But then along the way,
somewhere in the last, what was it? Five, six years. Something like that.
Not maybe not even that far.
But maybe not even, which is crazy, which is crazy. I can't think of a thing,
a single technique that got, that revolutionized the sport that way. Right.
And, and like I said, about the calf,
you can't take many because there's nowhere for the swelling to go.
So that's why it's so painful and debilitating your, your,
your nerves and your foot kind of stop working with you. It's it's bad stuff.
There's no meat there either. I was explaining to someone I'm like, just,
just karate, chop your arm right here, where the bonus,
it hurts just to do that. Now, imagine someone kicking that.
And that's what it's like when you get kicked in the calf, there's nothing,
there there's no meat.
And even when you turn your shin outward to check it, you still get it.
You it's still bad, man.
Yeah. Well, I noticed that in the Conor fight. Yeah.
You could see somewhere in the first round when he started realizing like, oh,
this is a real problem.
And Connors now have the ability to switch stances or if he does,
he doesn't do it.
Yeah, definitely didn't do in that fight. And it was only going to get worse.
That was second round. You know, we had three more rounds,
50 more minutes of me chopping LA. If we do it again,
it'll be interesting to see what he does, uh,
different in preparation or by defending that.
Well, you were such a, such a different guy in the second fight. You know, you,
first of all, you weren't debilitating yourself getting down to 145 pounds.
Yeah. I mean, you were a big 1 45. Like how, how rough was that cut?
It.
Was horrible. And it made me hate the process because my quality of life sucked,
you know, training camps were torture, you know? Uh,
I would walk around one 90 G get to one 90.
I'd get up to one 90.
Yeah. Oh my God.
You get up to one 90 and go down to 1 45, 45 pounds.
Let me tell you this. When I up Swanson in London, England,
I took it on short notice and I just want to fight before.
And it was right around Christmas. So I was eating. And when they called me, uh,
they asked me my weight and I told them I had one 70,
but I was like 180 7 or something. And it was like really short notice. So we,
my team fly out there. Um, am 30 pounds over when we land, you know,
fight week they check Jesus.
Christ, all my.
Crazy. They check your weight fight week when you show up to make sure I was,
uh, I was 1 76 and it was a 45. Oh.
Oh my God. Yeah. But you made it, made it. How the did you make that?
I don't know. Almost died. I don't. I feel like weigh-ins were kind of blurry.
I don't like my memory is gone from weigh-ins I've it's it's not good for you.
Do you think it makes sense though, for you to be fighting Conor for the title?
No.
I don't think so.
Do you think it would, it should be all of era.
Connor has been away so long. His last two fights. I want 55. He's lost.
So you can't put them in there for a title fight. Right?
How could you justify doing that? When they got,
when you have guys like Olivera.
But if Khabib retires and they say, Hey, this is for all the marbles.
You're not going to say no. What are you going to say?
You're going to say I'm a purist.
What are you gonna.
Say? I don't know if Dana pulls you aside. He goes, I,
it doesn't have to make sense, but.
Make some money. We're fighting for the belt. Yeah. You have.
To fight for the belt. Yeah.
We'll see what happens, man. I think it's going to be something soon.
Cause we've got to keep them moving.
They're not going to sit forever chasing Khabib and the division has to move on.
It is interesting that in the time where that low calf kick is coming to
prominence and you know,
this is also a time when Connor started moving away from the sport,
took time off, fought boxing, you know,
then came back and had the fight with Khabib and then came back and had the
fight with cowboy. The calf kick was never in play in any of his fights.
But if you look at him stylistically, and this is one of the things I love DCS,
uh, detail that, uh, that he does on ESPN. It's amazing. But when he broke down,
Connor's heavy weight on the right leg.
He leans in like this all the time.
He puts a lot of weight on that right leg when he paused and that south boss
stance. And because you fight south Paul a lot as well,
it just opens up that kick. So big. It's such a big weapon.
And sometimes he's like you said, that wide stance as well.
It's just hard to check the kick from that wide stance. Yeah.
You know, what's a crazy stance for everything other than calf kicks.
It's a great stance. I mean,
he's so good at moving in and covering distance with that stance.
It's very karate, light.
Great countering. Like you see karate, bounce back and forth to boom attack. Um,
and he, and he has a hell of a, a left-hand where he, you know,
he's knocked out a bunch of guys with it, with that counter who that pool too.
And that's what we,
we worked on a lot that training camp when my boxing coach diet Davis is,
is that pool too. Baiting him into throw the pool to.
Yeah. Yeah.
The one time where it was one of the times you call them several times,
but one time we caught him with that counter right hook and you pointed out and
I'll be like, ah, gotcha. Yeah.
Yeah. That felt good.
I just felt like I was kind of grabbing the wheel and starting to let him
understand though, this guy has changed. You know,
like this isn't the same fight.
D D C also broke down at the end of the first round.
You kind of gently punched him in the stomach. Just gently like, Hey man,
good round, good game. But there was a little,
there's a little gamesmanship going on there. I didn't, I.
Didn't do it in the, in the moment. I didn't do it. Like, uh,
like you're thinking.
About it. Yeah. It just has just natural. Yeah.
What did you say to him at the end of the first round? You said something.
When we were hitting each other with, with, with the shoulders, I was, uh,
having fun asking them that sink. I told them, how'd you like that?
Clavicle just messing around. You know, that's a funny how'd you like that?
Clavicle.
Just messing around with that in life.
It might be the first time a human being has said, how'd you like that?
Clavicle a delivered one. I think that's probably got me back better though.
You think all of the sentences that people have said throughout history,
how might that clavicle? Yeah,
there might be like two or three other humans that have ever lived that have
said those words together. How did you like that clavicle, right?
Yeah. Yeah. That's not a, that's not a,
that's not a word or phrase you use often.
Very uncommon phrase. How'd you like tech, like the.
Clavicle man, then he started cracking me with him.
Yeah. And well, he had more pop on his first.
Sure. The cowboy fight that was bananas that we was able to do.
That kind of damage.
Yep. Broke his nose maybe. Yeah, for.
Sure. I mean, he was bleeding out the nose right away. That was nuts.
A lot of people didn't even understand what was happening.
I wonder why. Uh, cause when he started hitting me with them,
I just naturally felt like I just put my head on the other side.
Yeah. Here it is.
Well, it's a, it's obviously something that he's practiced. Yeah. The,
one of the things about this fight is you look like the bigger guy.
I, I I'm pretty sure I weighed more than him.
Yeah. You looked like it. You looked more muscular. He's.
Uh, you know, he's muscular, but his waist is small. It's just built,
just built different. And I just, I probably walk around and have it in him.
Do you feel like now after that first part,
that you got his number or after the second fight it's uh.
It's fighting, man. I don't think you ever really.
He'll make adjustments. Yeah.
Make adjustments. There'll be a completely different fight.
Like the first one in the second was different.
The third one's going to be different as well,
because I'm going to make adjustments as well. I got to switch it up and
keep things fresh and keep him guessing. Yeah.
Now ideally, when would you like to rematch?
June, July, June, July. Cause I'm still, uh,
my wife's birthday is coming up,
so we're going to go somewhere for a couple of days. Like I'm still not. I will,
if, if, if, if I get the call in his time to go to work,
I will lock myself in training camp. But uh, I'm still not right now.
Ready to just go back to Florida a month removed from,
from the last fight and then locked down for another 10 weeks or whatever it is.
So we'll see, uh, if they call, I will do it,
but I w I'd rather it be a little bit further.
Let me enjoy my life back home in Louisiana,
before I go right back out to Florida.
So if they call you and say, may you will be doing it, but you would.
Rather I'll do it anytime. I'll do it.
He really shocked if they decided to do it in may.
Just that close after that Kao. I just don't think that's wise.
Yeah, it is soon. Yeah. And, and obviously, I mean, an honestly it's not,
it's not a lot of time to adjust and, and work on what we need to,
what he needs to work on for the calf kick or what I want to switch up.
You know, we're just right back in camp, getting ready to fight.
We're not really evolving outside of training camp. For me.
I learned things in training camp.
Cause it's just constant every day under pressure.
But it's the time between camps. Like right now when I'm in the gym, having fun,
rolling and doing light kickboxing drills with my friends where I feel like the
big gains are made when I'm having fun,
because I'm kind of tunnel vision and training camp I'm showing up. All right,
let's wrestle. All right. I'm not having fun and exploring different things.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.